---
date: 2021-01-17
title: Logitech G915 - First Impressions
tags: ['hardware']
private: true
---

The Logitech G915 Ten Keyless (TKL) has been a bit difficult to get
hold of recently. If the feel of the keys on the G815 are anything to
go by then this keyboard was on my wishlist.

I did get one and have been using it for the last week or so now, I
actually purchased it mid January but didn't use it until the last
week or so of January, why did I wait? Well, I was going to return it,
but I ended up keeping it, more on that later!

## How did I get mine

I shouldn't be allowed near Amazon after a few drinks! I managed to
buy a Spanish version of the keyboard (I'm in the UK). When it arrived
I was quite shocked to see ES on the front and that the keys were GL
Tactile and not clicky, then I checked the order and that was exactly
what I had ordered. ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è

I was so wrapped up in actually seeing one was available and that I
could purchase it in five instalments that I went and hit that buy
button! Thanks Jeff!

## Key caps

Becsue it was the Spanish version of the board all the keycaps legends
were in espa√±ol! But the layout is still ISO so a nice big enter key!

I swapped those keys out with the keys on the G815 bingo bango! I now
have a 'english' keyboard!

![spanish legends]

Word of warning if you are considering getting a G815/G819 they
keycaps _appear_ to be the same as the keycaps that come with my
beloved [HAVIT KB395L] and I've had a look around and there doesn't
seem to be a great deal of aftermarket options for them.

![keycaps]

## No clack!

Now I'm using tactile keys, I'll say that the feel is pretty much the
same, the audable click is something I'll miss but not something I
feel.

I do spend a lot of time with my headphones on now whilst working so
it's not a massive loss.

## Linus recommends!

What more of an endorsement do you need other than Linus (Sebastian?)
of YouTube internet fame land gushing about how nice it is.

<YouTube youTubeId="-rBV4I_LWhg" />

## What's it missing over the G815

## Things I miss

The G keys on the G815 I've become reliant on the G1 button which was
linked to the F5 key, I ofthen find myself hitting the Ctrl key
wanting to refresh a page.

With the 104 keys of the G815 my left hand naturayy rested between the
Tab, Caps, Shift and Ctrl keys and the G keys, now my hand wanders.

There's also the number pad gone, I have always been accustomed to
having a num pad on keyboards, I used to work for a bank and those num
pads were essential for number entry.

Now both my hands don't have the usual bumpers of the G keys and the
num pad.

## What's it got over the Ga15

<!-- Links -->

[logitech g815]: https://scottspence.com/2020/06/20/logitech-g815/
[havit kb395l]:
  https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B0767YQQTQ/ref=ox_sc_saved_title_1?smid=A144NZUZAZWQSX&psc=1

<!-- Images -->

[spanish legends]: ./spanish-legends.jpg
[keycaps]: ./keycaps.jpg
